added gitlab tabs for gitops enrichment (#749)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides-and-tutorials/let-developers-enrich-services-using-gitops.md

<br/><br/>

6. Now we'll define the backend of the action. Port supports multiple invocation types, for this tutorial we will use a `Github workflow` or `Gitlab pipelines`.

<Tabs groupId="git-provider" queryString values={[
{label: "Github", value: "github"},
{label: "Gitlab", value: "gitlab"}
]}>

<TabItem value="github">
   - Replace the `Organization` and `Repository` values with your values (this is where the workflow will reside and run).
   - Name the workflow `portEnrichService.yaml`.
   - Fill out the rest of the form like this, then click `Next`:

<img src='/img/guides/gitopsActionBackendForm.png' width='75%' />
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="gitlab">
   - Invocation type: `Trigger Webhook URL`

>    - Endpoint URL: https://gitlab.com/api/v4/projects/(PROJECT_ID)/ref/main/trigger/pipeline?token=(INSERT_TRIGGER_TOKEN)

Author: I have seen you added a section about it to the INFO window, so this should be fine now

- `PORT_CLIENT_SECRET` - the client secret you copied from your Port app.

<img src='/img/guides/repositorySecret.png' width='60%' />
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="gitlab">

> 1. Under your root group, access Settings, Access Tokens, and create a `Maintainer` role token with the following scopes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under your root group, access [Settings](ADD LINK HERE)->Access Tokens, and create a `Maintainer` role token with the `api`, `read-repository`, and `write-repository` scopes. Copy the token's value.
```

> 1. Under your root group, access Settings, Access Tokens, and create a `Maintainer` role token with the following scopes:

Author: fixed in the latest commit to match how it looks in gitlab

- api
- read-repository
- write_repository
  and copy its value.

2. Create a new project, named Port-pipelines. Copy its GitLab project ID and replace the `(PROJECT_ID)` in the webhook URL . Then. under Settings, CI/CD, create a new Pipeline trigger token. Then, paste it in the Action webhook URL in the place of `INSERT_TRIGGER_TOKEN`

3. Inside the same menu (CI/CD), add the following variables to the pipeline:

> - PORT_CLIENT_ID - Taken from Port

Reviewer: Instead of "Taken from Port", we need to tell the user how to get the credentials. See other guides, you can copy from there

Author: I have added a small TIP section inside the tab.
 see latest commit
